hey everyone matron here bringing
another weekly recap number two in the
series I got a lot of great feedback
from my initial weekly recap and I'm
still interested in your suggestions and
comments concerning this type of cast so
don't be shy about leaving me some of
your feedback from the last round
suggestions I've decided to try to
shorten this up a little bit concentrate
on fewer games I think a few people got
overwhelmed with all the games that I
included in my first recap and I'll also
be talking about some eSports and
starcraft news towards the end of the
video if you were not interested in any
spoilers from major tournaments or
anything I will let you know before I
start this segment so that you can pause
or stop and avoid those spoilers so
let's get started with Game one here
we'll start out by looking at route qxe
versus inflow mini this game was number
1 17 and has everything you'd want out
of a pvt cuick see is the master of the
drop in her ass sometimes hitting many
three different spots at once even
employing nukes as well mini guns going
to try to adopt a macro style to combat
the harassment of qxe employing storms
carriers and even a mothership the game
is basically 30 minutes of non-stop
action and just this week it was
announced the inflow mini would be
becoming rude mini and after this one
you'll understand why true gaming wanted
to pick up this strong player check out
game number 117 qxe versus mini the next
game will look at is number 122 matron
verse pariah and is one of my own
diamond level ladder games I enjoy
casting my own games because they let me
give you a glimpse into my thought
process in decision making when I
encounter different situations this one
is a pvt where I attempt to catch my
opponent unaware and then have to
quickly adopt a new plan mid game this
is something that we all face from time
to time in our play and so many of us
just crumble when we have to transition
to a plan B so I think analyzing my own
play will definitely help me and the
viewers become better players check it
out number 122 matron verse Praia the
next game number 123 is a special one my
first team game and it features a ton of
top level players root cats TT 1 cell 0
era and root Ruby cake on the Internet
in this hilarious and action-packed game
one player goes straight for a
mothership two were playing off races
and we get to watch some random players
take on their idols everyone puts on
their game face towards the end for this
one and there are so many great moments
check out number 123 for before
featuring cats TT 1 cell 0 era and Ruby
the final series will have got starts
with game number 124 and pits mouths
mario vs not see this is the semi-finals
of the go for sc2 cup and features
stellar moves from both players nutsy
uses hallucinate effectively in all
three games and if you're a Protoss
player I'd be taking notes once one
point two hits and lowers that research
time on hallucinate I think the spell
will all be using it's always fun to
check in with morrow as well because he
did reese recently race change from
Terran to zerg so watching these replays
we can really see his play evolve as he
tries to master the third race the
series features strong play and
innovative play from both players
definitely worth a watch check out the
series starting with game number 124
that's it for games to watch this week I
want to mention a few interesting
tidbits coming from SC two and esports
world if you don't any spoilers stop the
video here the biggest news is that
Blizzard came out there 1.2 PTR patch
notes as well as a PTR where we can test
all the changes there's a lot of balance
changes chat rooms have been added an
already Blizzard has responded to some
of the feedback and reverted a few of
the changes including the fungal growth
one as I mentioned in the first clip
looks like inflow mini was picked up by
root gaming this week many is at the top
of the North American ladder recently
did an interview with gosu gamers net
talking about his strategies and his
mindset while laddering i'll go ahead
and link that below to check it out
finally one to mention gsl season 3 gsl
large korean tournament takes about a
month to play and it's down to its final
two players for gsl season 3 it's going
to be rain playing terran against OGS MC
playing Protoss rain not very popular at
the moment as he has been choosing a lot
of his games and players just do not
like seeing the marine and STV cheese
against the opponent's at this high
level of play his opponent OGS MC
probably the favorite in this one
recently not go from jinro the top
foreigner who made it to the round of
four and was a fan favorite the entire
way generally use great scouting and a
macro Terran style so yet deeper than
any foreigner has ever been in a gsl so
watch those games try to find them
online to see some of the top level play
that will do it for this weekly recap
again please give me feedback I'd love
to hear from you wanting to do quick
shout outs to sc2 casscom one of the top
places to watch games from your favorite
casters and the reddit starcraft
community for being awesome and up to
date with all the latest news thanks for
watching take care
you